this week instead of upgrading my
throwing I decided to boost up the
consistency that way I'll get more XP
after each game in between doing drills
I typically get around 600 or so XP per
drill and then the shorter drills I get
between 260 to 280 so hopefully those
numbers go up a bit after upgrading and
consistency this is a big week we got a
game against Peyton Manning here's a
quick comparison on the season see if we
can pick up this first down with some
trickery here off screen play sending
them both to the left
that's extra blocking here we go it
looks good it looks good they got him I
don't know if they're gonna kick a field
goal okay we're gonna go for it they
want to punt
uh-huh will this play come back to haunt
me against Peyton Manning risking it
I'll blitz to the left blitz to the left
it's picked up and he's wide open for
the first that may be more we're in
field goal range but I don't want to
settle for a field home I want that
touchdown add it to my stats against
Peyton Manning nobody's open I gotta
take off I might get it Oh step it out
of bounds
looks like our defense did something to
pay in Manning's great position here
everything is looking good before the
snap let's see what kind of defense it
is this man coverage the halfback to
stop the advantage
their fans are going crazy what an
atmosphere let's go ahead and slant
Wallace I'm looking for you Wallace get
that burst of speed there you go I see
you I see you that's a smooth throw
right on the money I gotta put pressure
on Peyton Manning I gotta let them know
I'm in the building I gotta let them
know who's smooth is touchdown
my favorite play ten zero you got to do
that when your defense comes out and
gets a spot like that you got to come
down the field and get a score Manning
is focused now he's not fooling around
so we got to get scores just take our
time we got plenty of time
blitz is coming on the left I get hit as
I throw but that's the first down and
look at that stiff arm that first
defender got murdered good thing he had
the good thing his teammates came to his
rescue their defense reacts to every
single audible I made play action right
there that's nice that's just that's
nice and quick
something simple easy we need this right
here I don't want to have to gamble on
fourth down we need this
no one's open I'm taking off flies
sliced last night but the slide button
is not working why isn't the slide
working just gonna cancel the play
action I love it when Wallace is in the
slot because he's so fast crossing in
the middle that's what I'm looking at
first and area is he's got he's got it
there you go first down and more
oh no no how could you fumble how could
you caught that up we were gonna score
here I like what I see here on the right
side of the field it looks wide open
this could be a big-time gain on the
screen there it is there's nobody there
go get them go get them take off Wallace
make up for that football in the open
field that looks like a mean blitz that
looks like a murder coming right for me
and they're making adjustments they're
switching oh my god the right decision
as I get hit immediately bring this home
with the screenplay just go get that
touchdown just go get it there's nobody
on the left side of the field we're
taking the lead back from Peyton Manning
now he's got to respond for actually I
probably shouldn't say that because if
he's listening he's gonna get hype haha
cuz he got hyped in that first half when
we went up ten zero he said okay 14
straight points let me see you match
that I don't know if I have enough time
for these routes to develop hopefully
there's no blitz it doesn't look like a
blitz or maybe it is a blitz or maybe I
get stuck I get stuck on my own
teammates Wow Peyton Manning takes the
lead we've got two timeouts with plenty
of time to drive right back down with
the response can I respond as a rookie
to Peyton Manning Oh
maybe a second thrown too early he
didn't even turn around yet I wanted to
run but I just don't like that run if
they're gonna play press coverage I got
to send them deep we've gotta let it fly
in the fourth quarter a clutch play
somebody get open nobody's open I'm
taking off pancakes or me oh the slide
doesn't work and their defense is
shifting again they keep shifting wow
they're making all kinds of adjustments
the screen somebody's over there Oh Mike
I gotta take off I gotta go I gotta go
one player oh no no I got stuck I did a
spin move and then I get stuck and
stripped by the other defenders wow I
don't know how our defense did it but we
have the ball back one last chance we
have no timeouts though options are
limited it's got to be hurry up offense
maybe they'll step out of bounds in
Wallace Wallace isn't even in the game
where's Wallace why is it Wallace in
here I need speed ah that's it that's
game Wow where is my boy Mike Wallace
why is he on the bench we need him out
there he's our only decent receiver
that's a tough loss Mike Wallace fumbled
I fumbled 18 Manning responds three
routes go into the end zone let's see
who gets open somebody's got to get open
who's it gonna be who wants this
touchdown who wants the CD out they're
coming already oh he didn't get it we
gotta go for it these field goals
they're not enough we need a TD